Update config_install_interval description (#2067)
conan-io/docs: reference/config_files/conan.conf.rst

The ``skip_broken_symlinks_check`` variable (defaulted to ``False``) allows the existence broken symlinks while creating a package.

The ``config_install_interval`` variable starts a time scheduler which runs :command:`conan config install` according the time interval

> configured. It only accepts the follow time intervals: seconds, minutes, hours, days and weeks (e.g 10s, 35m, 48h, 1d, 2w). Empty unit and
> not listed units are not acceptable, they are consired an error and will be removed automatically on next execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured. It only accepts the follow time intervals: seconds, minutes, hours, days and weeks (e.g 10s, 35m, 48h, 1d, 2w). Empty units or not listed units are not valid, they are considered an error and will be removed automatically on the next execution.
```
